[OSDOCS-8230]: Release note about agent-based hosted control planes (#66441)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

* Currently, users cannot modify the `interface-specific` safe sysctl list by updating the `cni-sysctl-allowlist` config map in the `openshift-multus` namespace. As a workaround, you can modify, either manually or with a Daemon Set, the file `/etc/cni/tuning/allowlist.conf` on the node or nodes. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-11046[*OCPBUGS-11046*])

> * In hosted control planes for {product-title}, on the bare metal platform, if a worker node fails, another node is not added to the hosted cluster, even when other worker nodes are available. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MGMT-15939[*MGMT-15939*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In hosted control planes for {product-title}, on the bare metal platform, if a worker node fails, another node is not automatically added to the hosted cluster, even when other agents are available. As a workaround, manually delete the machine associated with the failed worker node. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MGMT-15939[*MGMT-15939*])
```

Small suggestion and added a note for a workaround. Feel free to adjust the language. Thanks!

> * In hosted control planes for {product-title}, on the bare metal platform, if a worker node fails, another node is not automatically added to the hosted cluster, even when other agents are available. As a workaround, manually delete the machine that is associated with the failed worker node. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MGMT-15939[*MGMT-15939*])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* In hosted control planes for {product-title}, on the bare-metal platform, if a worker node fails, another node is not automatically added to the hosted cluster, even when other agents are available. As a workaround, manually delete the machine that is associated with the failed worker node. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MGMT-15939[*MGMT-15939*])
```
See SSG: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#_b
